Add relations.cpp, relations.py examples (#7801)
cvc5/cvc5: docs/examples/relations.rst

Theory of Relations
===================

> This simple family example demonstrates theory of finite relations extension to the theory of finite sets.
> Relations are defined as sets of tuples with arity :math:`\geq 1`.
> We have unary relations :math:`people, males,` and :math:`females` of arity 1.
> We also have binary relations :math:`father, mother, parent, ancestor`, and :math:`descendant` of arity 2.
> Here we follow a prefix convention (i.e., :math:`R(x,y)` or
> :math:`\langle x, y \rangle \in R` if and only if
> person :math:`x` has relation `R` with person :math:`y`,
> where :math:`R \in \{father, mother, parent, ancestor, descendant\}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This simple example demonstrates the combined :ref:`theory of finite sets and finite relations <../theories/sets-and-relations>` using a family tree.
Relations are defined as sets of tuples with arity :math:`\geq 1`.
The example includes the unary relations :math:`people, males,` and :math:`females` and the binary relations :math:`father, mother, parent, ancestor`, and :math:`descendant`.
```

Author: Done

We have the following list of constraints:

- All relations are nonempty.
- People is the universe set.
- Males and females are disjoint sets (i.e., :math:`males \cap females = \phi`).
- Fathers are males (i.e., :math:`father \bowtie people \subseteq males`).
- Mothers are females (i.e., :math:`mother \bowtie people \subseteq females`).
- A parent is a father or a mother (i.e., :math:`parent = father \cup mother`).
- Ancestor relation is the transitive closure of parent (i.e., :math:`ancestor = parent^{+}`).
- Descendant relation is the transpose of ancestor (i.e., :math:`descendant = ancestor^{-1}`).

> - No self ancestor (i.e., :math:`\forall x: Person. \langle x, x \rangle \not\in ancestor`).

Author: I agree both syntax and semantics of these operators need to be defined in the theory page, but 
the mathematical formulation here is related to the example, and I think it is important to show the mathematical notation. 
Without them, one would express the constraint `fathers are males` using quantifiers instead of the appropriate relational join operator.

> - No self ancestor (i.e., :math:`\forall x: Person. \langle x, x \rangle \not\in ancestor`).

Author: I added a footnote for the bowtie symbol with the citation paper.

> - No self ancestor (i.e., :math:`\forall x: Person. \langle x, x \rangle \not\in ancestor`).

Author: I prefer to address the definitions of relational operators in a separate PR.

> - No self ancestor (i.e., :math:`\forall x: Person. \langle x, x \rangle \not\in ancestor`).

Reviewer: Okay, that's fine.
